In this lesson, we'll look at using SageMaker
for classification task including fraud detection.
The case study that we'll look at is specific to
credit cards and detecting fraudulent transactions.
The skills you learn will be applicable to a variety of tasks.
So first, what exactly is fraud detection,
and how might we begin to approach this task?
When I think of payments fraud,
I think about someone finding
my credit card information and using it to buy something for themselves.
The way that my bank identifies something like this is by looking at
my transaction and noting if something is atypical or outside my spending patterns.
The challenge here is defining what exactly atypical means.
Now, I live in New York,
and transactions outside that area might stick out.
But also travel a lot,
so location is not the best indicator.
If I've only bought groceries in the past few months,
maybe it would be suspicious if I go out shopping for lots and lots and lots of clothing.
But that depends on things like holidays and my motto.
So you can see that fraud detection is a challenging problem.
The task is really to identify the typical patterns found in valid transaction,
and then flat transactions that are way outside of those patterns.
Machine learning works well here because it's designed to find patterns.
So we'll use an algorithm that looks at historical spending data,
transactions that are labeled as valid or fraudulent,
and sees if it can parse out patterns that effectively distinguish those two classes.
If we imagine that we are in a bank-like setting,
it would be important to make this algorithm scalable and easy to update,
and that's where SageMaker interface becomes especially useful.
Next, you'll get a chance to work with these data and code a solution of your own.